boards: arm: thingy91_nrf9160: Change pwmleds frequency (#8269)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

|no_changes_yet_note|

> Device Tree Configuration
> =========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Devicetree configuration
========================
```

Thingy:91
---------

> * Changed the PWM frequency of the pwmleds device from 50hz to 125hz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the PWM frequency of the pwmleds device from 50 Hz to 125 Hz.
```
See https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/TECHDOC/Units+of+measurement
